update application flags (#87)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/application.mdx

###### Application Flags

| Value   | Flag                                          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | 1 << 1  | EMBEDDED_RELEASED                             | Indicates if the embedded application is released to the public |
> | 1 << 2  | MANAGED_EMOJI                                 | Indicates if the application has the ability to create Twitch-style emotes |
> | 1 << 3  | EMBEDDED_IAP                                  | Indicates if the application has the ability to use embedded in-app purchases |
> | 1 << 4  | GROUP_DM_CREATE                               | Indicates if the application has the ability to create group DMs |
> | 1 << 5  | RPC_PRIVATE_BETA                              | Indicates if the application has the ability to access the client RPC server |
> | 1 << 6  | APPLICATION_AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE_BADGE | Indicates if an app has created over 100 AutoMod rules |
> | 1 << 8  | ALLOW_ASSETS                                  | Indicates if the application has the ability to use activity assets |
> | 1 << 9  | ALLOW_ACTIVITY_ACTION_SPECTATE                | Indicates f the application has the ability to enable spectating activities |
> | 1 << 10 | ALLOW_ACTIVITY_ACTION_JOIN_REQUEST            | Indicates if the application has the ability to enable activity join requests |
> | 1 << 11 | RPC_HAS_CONNECTED                             | Indicates if the application has accessed the client RPC server before |
> | 1 << 12 | GATEWAY_PRESENCE                              | Intent required for bots in **100 or more servers** to receive `presence_update` events |
> | 1 << 13 | GATEWAY_PRESENCE_LIMITED                      | Intent required for bots in under 100 servers to receive `presence_update` events, found on the **Bot** page in your app's settings |
> | 1 << 14 | GATEWAY_GUILD_MEMBERS                         | Intent required for bots in **100 or more servers** to receive member-related events like `guild_member_add`. |
> | 1 << 15 | GATEWAY_GUILD_MEMBERS_LIMITED                 | Intent required for bots in under 100 servers to receive member-related events like `guild_member_add`, found on the **Bot** page in your app's settings. |
> | 1 << 16 | VERIFICATION_PENDING_GUILD_LIMIT              | Indicates unusual growth of an app that prevents verification |
> | 1 << 17 | EMBEDDED                                      | Indicates if an app is embedded within the Discord client (currently unavailable publicly) |
> | 1 << 18 | GATEWAY_MESSAGE_CONTENT                       | Intent required for bots in **100 or more servers** to receive [message content](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404772028055) |
> | 1 << 19 | GATEWAY_MESSAGE_CONTENT_LIMITED               | Intent required for bots in under 100 servers to receive [message content](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404772028055), found on the **Bot** page in your app's settings |
> | 1 << 23 | APPLICATION_COMMAND_BADGE                     | Indicates if an app has registered global application commands |
> | 1 << 24 | ACTIVE                                        | Indicates if an app has atleast one global application command used in the last 30 days |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1 << 1  | EMBEDDED_RELEASED                             | This embedded application is released to the public |
| 1 << 2  | MANAGED_EMOJI                                 | This application can create managed emoji |
| 1 << 3  | EMBEDDED_IAP                                  | This embedded application can use in-app purchases |
| 1 << 4  | GROUP_DM_CREATE                               | This application can create group DMs without limit |
| 1 << 5  | RPC_PRIVATE_BETA                              | This application can access the client RPC server |
| 1 << 6  | APPLICATION_AUTO_MODERATION_RULE_CREATE_BADGE | This application manages 100+ AutoMod rules |
| 1 << 8  | ALLOW_ASSETS                                  | This application can use activity assets |
| 1 << 9  | ALLOW_ACTIVITY_ACTION_SPECTATE                | This application can enable spectating activities |
| 1 << 10 | ALLOW_ACTIVITY_ACTION_JOIN_REQUEST            | This application can enable activity join requests |
| 1 << 11 | RPC_HAS_CONNECTED                             | This application has accessed the client RPC server before |
| 1 << 12 | GATEWAY_PRESENCE                              | Intent required for bots in **100 or more guilds** to receive [Presence Update](/topics/gateway-events#presence-update) gateway events |
| 1 << 13 | GATEWAY_PRESENCE_LIMITED                      | Intent required for bots in **under 100 guilds** to receive [Presence Update](/topics/gateway-events#presence-update) gateway events |
| 1 << 14 | GATEWAY_GUILD_MEMBERS                         | Intent required for bots in **100 or more guilds** to receive guild member-related events like [Guild Member Add](/topics/gateway-events#guild-member-add) |
| 1 << 15 | GATEWAY_GUILD_MEMBERS_LIMITED                 | Intent required for bots in **under 100 guilds** to receive guild member-related events like [Guild Member Add](/topics/gateway-events#guild-member-add) |
| 1 << 16 | VERIFICATION_PENDING_GUILD_LIMIT              | Indicates unusual growth of an application that prevents verification |
| 1 << 17 | EMBEDDED                                      | This application can be embedded within the Discord client |
| 1 << 18 | GATEWAY_MESSAGE_CONTENT                       | Intent required for bots in **100 or more guilds** to receive [message content](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404772028055) |
| 1 << 19 | GATEWAY_MESSAGE_CONTENT_LIMITED               | Intent required for bots in **under 100 guilds** to receive [message content](https://support-dev.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404772028055) |
| 1 << 23 | APPLICATION_COMMAND_BADGE                     | This application has registered global application commands |
| 1 << 24 | ACTIVE                                        | This application has had at least one global application command used in the last 30 days |
```
